Refactor documentation into tutorials, how to's and discussion (#8)
Hyperfoil/horreum.hyperfoil.github.io: docs/howto/add_users.md

# Adding users and assigning roles

Horreum can be used by many users, hosting data for multiple teams: for a detailed discussion please see [User management and security](/docs/about/users.html).

Users who have the manager role (e.g. `engineers-manager`) can create new users, add/remove existing users to to the team and manage permissions. In order to do so visit your profile settings by clicking on your name in upper right corner, and switch to the Managed Teams tab.

<div class="screenshot"><img src="/assets/images/user_management/managed_teams.png" /></div>

> In the upper part you should select one of teams you are a manager of. On the left side you can search for existing users, and using the arrows in the middle add or remove members of the team. Checkboxes allow you to add/remove roles for this team. When you're finished with the changes you should press the Save button on the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the **Select team** drop down, select one of teams you manage. Search for existing users in **Find User..** search box and use the arrows in the middle to add or remove members of the team. Checkboxes allow you to add/remove roles for this team. When you're finished with the changes press the **Save** button at the bottom.
```

You can also use this screen to create new users to become members of your team.

> TODO: Administation/Administrators and Administration/Teams

Author: Should be an issue, I could link that in but before it's done it's good to point that there's more than presented.
